[cxx-interop] Add SWIFT_RETUNRS_(UN)RETAINED discussions to C++ interop docs (#1077)
swiftlang/swift-org-website: documentation/cxx-interop/index.md

// `object` will be released here.
```

> To specify the ownership of returned `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` types, use the `SWIFT_RETURNS_RETAINED` and `SWIFT_RETURNS_UNRETAINED` annotations on C++ functions and methods. These annotations tell the Swift compiler whether the type is returned as `+1` (retained) or `+0` (unretained). This is necessary to ensure that appropriate `retain`/`release` operations are inserted at the boundary:

Reviewer: I don't have strong feelings, but I wonder if we should develop a consistent language for this document. E.g., whenever something is C++ specific we say C++, otherwise we say something like foreign function or C family or something else. But if we want to make that change it might be independent of this PR so feel free to leave this paragraph as is.

```c++
// Returns +1 ownership; Swift will take responsibility for releasing it.
SharedObject* makeOwnedObject() SWIFT_RETURNS_RETAINED;

// Returns +0 ownership; the caller must ensure the object stays alive by retaining it before use.
SharedObject* makeUnownedObject() SWIFT_RETURNS_UNRETAINED;
```

These ownership conventions are reflected naturally in Swift:
```swift

> let owned = makeOwnedObject()
> owned.doSomething()
> // `owned` is automatically released when it goes out of scope
> 
> let unOwned = makeUnownedObject()
> unOwned.doSomething()
> // Swift makes sure `unOwned` remains valid while in use by calling an explicit retain operation.

Reviewer 2: Two changes I'm suggesting here:
1. `unOwned` -> `unowned` to follow the capitalization of `makeUnownedObject()` (and in any case, "un" and "owned" are not two separate words, so they should not be capitalized separately)
2. I rephrased the comments to be more balanced and only talk about retain operations (so that they parallel one another)

```suggestion
let owned = makeOwnedObject()
// `owned` is already at +1, so no further retain is needed here
owned.doSomething()

let unowned = makeUnownedObject()
// Swift inserts a retain operation on `unowned` here to bring it to +1
unowned.doSomething()
```
```

Author: unOwned -> unowned
It was `unowned` originally which I changed to `unOwned` because `unowned` was appearing as a keyword in the Swift syntatx. This was pointed to me by Egor.

```

> These ownership annotations are also supported in Objective-C or Objective-C++ functions that return C++ `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` types.

Author: Makes sense! Objective-C++ is enough.

> 

Author: I believe the plan is to make these annotations mandatory in the upcoming release because the default have been a source of confusion and memory safety issues, such as use-after-free memory and memory leaks. Therefore, we should avoid conveying any information about the default in our documentation. Ideally, we would like to warn users not to rely on the default settings.

Ref: https://forums.swift.org/t/stop-importing-unannotated-c-apis-returning-swift-shared-referenece-types-into-swift/74669

For this you should use the `SWIFT_RETURNS_RETAINED` and `SWIFT_RETURNS_UNRETAINED` annotations on functions and methods.
These annotations tell the Swift compiler whether the type is returned as `+1` (retained) or `+0` (unretained).

```c++
// Returns +1 ownership.
SharedObject* makeOwnedObject() SWIFT_RETURNS_RETAINED;

// Returns +0 ownership.
SharedObject* getUnOwnedObject() SWIFT_RETURNS_UNRETAINED;
```

These annotations are necessary to ensure that appropriate `retain`/`release` operations are inserted at the boundary:

```swift
let owned = makeOwnedObject()
owned.doSomething()
// `owned` is already at +1, so no further retain is needed here

let unOwned = getUnOwnedObject()
// Swift inserts a retain operation on `unowned` here to bring it to +1.
unOwned.doSomething()
```

Note that the Swift compiler will automatically infer the ownership conventons for Swift functions returning `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` types.
See [Exposing C++ Shared Reference Types back from Swift](#exposing-c-shared-reference-types-back-from-swift) for calling Swift functions returning `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` types from C++.

> ### Inheritance and Virtual Member Functions

Author: TODO: ### -> ####
